index.md, before:

---
title: "Gameplay"
layout: splash
author_profile: true
toc: false
tagline: "Adventure Awaits. Streaming actual play for tabletop roleplaying games. Game On!"
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/headers/dungeon.webp
  overlay_filter: 0.6
  actions:
    - label: "Subscribe"
      url: "https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc?sub_confirmation=1"
---
# Watch Us!
---
*Streaming live episdoes on [YouTube](http://youtube.critgames.com) and [Twitch](http://twitch.critgames.com). Join us every other week (mostly) on Fridays at 6:00 PM (Pacific Time). [Subscribe](https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc?sub_confirmation=1) to get notified when we go live!*
<br />
[<img alt="YouTube" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/youtube.webp" />](https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc)[<img alt="Twitter" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/twitter.webp" />](https://www.twitch.tv/critgamesllc)

# Campaigns
---
### [Escaping Wilderun]({{'/escaping-wilderun' | relative_url }})
<a href="./escaping-wilderun/" title="Escaping Wilderun">![Escaping Wilderun]({{ '/assets/images/escaping-wilderun/header.webp' | relative_url }})</a>

<br />

# [One-Shots](./one-shots)
---
### [Downfall At Doomspire]({{'/one-shots/downfall-at-doomspire/'  | relative_url }})
<a href="./one-shots/downfall-at-doomspire/" title="Downfall At Doomspire">![Downfall At Doomspire]({{'/assets/images/downfall-at-doomspire/downfall-at-doomspire.webp' | relative_url }})</a>

### [Neo-Luddites: A Cyberpunk Apocalypse]({{'/one-shots/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse/'  | relative_url }})
<a href="./one-shots/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse/" title="Neo-Luddites: A Cyberpunk Apocalypse">![Neo-Luddites: A Cyberpunk Apocalypse]({{'/assets/images/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse.webp' | relative_url }})</a>

Commit message:

Wilderun: Added Season two
* Added out-of-the-wildrun collection and folders
* Added new assets for headers
* Created Episode 1
* Added Season 2 to landing page
* Modifed Characters to include both seasons

index.md, after:

---
title: "Gameplay"
layout: splash
author_profile: true
toc: false
tagline: "Adventure Awaits. Streaming actual play for tabletop roleplaying games. Game On!"
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/headers/dungeon.webp
  overlay_filter: 0.6
  actions:
    - label: "Subscribe"
      url: "https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc?sub_confirmation=1"
---
# Watch Us!
---
*Streaming live episdoes on [YouTube](http://youtube.critgames.com) and [Twitch](http://twitch.critgames.com). Join us every other week (mostly) on Fridays at 6:00 PM (Pacific Time). [Subscribe](https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc?sub_confirmation=1) to get notified when we go live!*
<br />
[<img alt="YouTube" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/youtube.webp" />](https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc)[<img alt="Twitter" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/twitter.webp" />](https://www.twitch.tv/critgamesllc)

# Campaigns
---

# Wilderun

> A DnD 5E adventure in a high fantasy world! Campaigns feature longer-form content over multiple sessions with character progresion and broader, unfolding story arcs.

### [Season 1: Escaping Wilderun]({{'/escaping-wilderun' | relative_url }})
<a href="./escaping-wilderun/" title="Escaping Wilderun">![Escaping Wilderun]({{ '/assets/images/escaping-wilderun/header.webp' | relative_url }})</a>

### [Season 2: Out of the Wilderun]({{'/out-of-the-wilderun' | relative_url }})
<a href="./out-of-the-wilderun/" title="Out of the Wilderun">![Escaping Wilderun]({{ '/assets/images/out-of-the-wilderun/header.webp' | relative_url }})</a>

<br />

# [One-Shots](./one-shots)
---

> Various one-shots in sundry settings often exploring different game systems and mechanics. One-shots are single, self-contained adventures.

### [Downfall At Doomspire]({{'/one-shots/downfall-at-doomspire/'  | relative_url }})
<a href="./one-shots/downfall-at-doomspire/" title="Downfall At Doomspire">![Downfall At Doomspire]({{'/assets/images/downfall-at-doomspire/downfall-at-doomspire.webp' | relative_url }})</a>

### [Neo-Luddites: A Cyberpunk Apocalypse]({{'/one-shots/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse/'  | relative_url }})
<a href="./one-shots/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse/" title="Neo-Luddites: A Cyberpunk Apocalypse">![Neo-Luddites: A Cyberpunk Apocalypse]({{'/assets/images/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse/neo-luddites-a-cyberpunk-apocalypse.webp' | relative_url }})</a>
