_site/README.md, before:

# Gameplay
![Live Streaming Games](https://github.com/critgames/gameplay/blob/main/assets/images/headers/dungeon.webp?raw=true)
Actual Play for Tabletop Roleplaying Games hosted at [critgames.com/gameplay](https://critgames.com/gameplay). This website made with [Jeykll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and is automatically updated on commits.
---

## Watch Episodes
Streaming live episdoes on [YouTube](http://youtube.critgames.com) and [Twitch](http://twitch.critgames.com). Join us every other week (mostly) on Friday at 6:00 PM PST.

### YouTube
[<img alt="YouTube" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/youtube.webp" />](https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc)

### Twitter
[<img alt="Twitter" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/twitter.webp" />](https://www.twitch.tv/critgamesllc)
---

## Local Development (Manual)
Run the website locally for local developement.

### Run Website Locally
```
$ bundle exec jekyll serve --force_polling
```

### Rebuild
```
$ bundle install
$ bundle exec jekyll build
```

Commit message:

Updated filenames with dashes.
Prefixed with episode number and replaced spaces with hypens.

_site/README.md, after:

# Gameplay
[<img alt="Streaming Gameplay" src="assets/images/headers/dungeon.webp" />](https://github.com/critgames/gameplay)
**Actual Play for Tabletop Roleplaying Games on [critgames.com/gameplay](https://critgames.com/gameplay)**

## Watch Episodes
*Streaming live episdoes on [YouTube](http://youtube.critgames.com) and [Twitch](http://twitch.critgames.com). Join us every other week on Friday at 6:00 PM (Pacific Time).*
<br />
[<img alt="YouTube" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/youtube.webp" />](https://www.youtube.com/@CritGamesllc)
[<img alt="Twitter" height="256px" width="256px" src="assets/images/twitter.webp" />](https://www.twitch.tv/critgamesllc)

## Local Development (Manual)
This website is made with [Jeykll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and automatically updates with commits. However, if you want to run the website for developement purposes, you can run it locally.

### Run Website Locally
```
$ bundle exec jekyll serve --force_polling
```

### Rebuild
```
$ bundle install
$ bundle exec jekyll build
```
